>>EMERY SMITH: Hi, I'm
here with John Lear.
We're going to be talking about
the underground world of Las
Vegas.
John, how are you
doing this morning?
>>JOHN LEAR: Real good,
Emery nice to see you.
>>EMERY: So tell me
about this test site.
>>LEAR: You know, this story,
Emery, starts back in 1980 when
I was flying for the Department
of Energy North American OV-10.
And I was told they were
going to get me a Q clearance.
Well, you know, the Q clearance
is pretty high clearance.
And I can't-- I didn't
understand why I would have
to have one.
Well, it was nice to get one.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: But the
paperwork was massive
because I had to
account for every time I
flew in and out of the country.
And my application was six
pages single type, you know,
entries and exits.
And it took 18 months
to get the clearance.
Anyway, the reason I needed
the clearance is they
were upgrading the security
for the entire test site.
So even although I flew
over the new places,
my job was to give them
the winds from ground level
at 10,000 feet before they
shot the test so that they
would see that if it
vented, it wouldn't
be going towards Vegas.
>>EMERY: What were
they actually testing?
>>LEAR: Nuke.
They were testing an
underground nukes.
But what that did is
it gave me a chance
to look around and
see what was going on.
I couldn't see into
Groom Lake or anything
like that, but to
the north of where
I was flying in the the
Pahute Mesa, Rainier mesa.
Anyway, as it started
to get finalized,
I heard through
several contacts that I
had that the Sandia was going
to need 2,000 people a day.
That meant they were going
to have to take 2,000 people
and take them up to
Sandia on the Pahute Mesa
and bring them back
in the evening.
Now that's a lot of people.
You couldn't do it--
we could do with airplanes, but
they wanted to do it secret.
They didn't want anybody
to know what was going on.
So they couldn't get
Special Projects,
which ran the Boeing
737, get a bunch more 737
because that would
have alerted somebody
that something was going on.
So they decided to build an
underground secret maglev
subway.
>>EMERY: You did
mention Pahute Mesa.
But you also mentioned Sandia,
which is in New Mexico.
I don't want people
to be confused
>>LEAR: Yeah.
What they-- they, the
secret government--
started to do in the 80's
was name secret projects
with names that were common
so that, you know, we
had the secret--
we had the Sandia laboratories,
Sandia mountain range.
>>EMERY: Manzanas.
>>LEAR: Yeah.
And so if they named the new
secret base Sandia, if it
got accidentally mentioned--
>>EMERY: People would
think it's over there.
>>LEAR: Exactly.
They had to get
2,000 of them started
to build the maglev subway.
And they needed-- as you
know, when you build a subway,
you don't start underground.
You start at the
top and work down.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: So they needed about
70 acres of an empty lot
where they could dig
down on the strip.
>>EMERY: On-- how
did they hide that?
>>LEAR: Well,
they-- first of all,
they used the area of
the Stardust Casino
which had been demolished.
And that area was free.
It was just an empty lot.
They were trying to sell it.
And so the major casino
that was in operation
of this whole underground
massive effort
bought that empty lot.
But it was right on
Las Vegas Boulevard,
so they had to hide it.
So what they did is they
built a fake casino.
And that was called Echelon.
And they told
everybody in the press
they were going to
build this great casino.
And they put up the framework.
But it was really just to hide--
>>EMERY: Right, to hide.
>>LEAR: --the operation--
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: --from Las
Vegas Boulevard,
and industrial on the West
Side, and Desert Inn Road.
>>EMERY: No, I understand.
Yeah.
>>LEAR: So fortunately, somebody
had taken aerial pictures
of this operation.
So when I put this
on Facebook, I
had pictures of
that huge equipment,
you know, right there
in that empty lot.
And the holes, the
tunnels going down in.
>>EMERY: And we're
talking huge equipment.
The audience needs to
know these are very large.
>>LEAR: So I had a friend that
worked on this fake casino.
And he told me that they
were briefed every morning.
Every morning.
Do not look over the
side because if you do,
we have CIA sharpshooters
with highly accurate rifles
that will kill you instantly.
And they were pretty
open about it.
Don't look.
So I don't know how
this managed with OSHA.
>>EMERY: Well, if they
had a hard hat on.
I mean, a Kevlar helmet on.
>>LEAR: Yeah.
So they were all
briefed on this.
And it took, I think, a year
before they got this finished.
But what they did is they
dug down, and then went up
to the Luxor.
And this is all, like,
100 feet underground.
The reason they used the
Luxor was because number one,
the Luxor provided a place that
they could take an elevator
and go down to the terminal for
the beginning of the subway.
>>EMERY: To get over.
>>LEAR: But it was also
directly across the street
from Special Projects.
Now Special Projects has been
around for, you know, 40 years.
And their job is to
transport workers
in Las Vegas up to Groom Lake
and to Tonopah test range.
And they had that brand
new base-looking terminal
on the northwest
side of McCarran.
And that's where they
parked their six Boeing
737, and their Beechcraft,
and all their other aircraft.
So what they have is an
elevator that goes down
and a moving sidewalk
that takes the people that
are authorized to use the
subway under the Luxor.
Now from the Luxor, it
goes to the Bellagio
where there's another
huge terminal.
Well, the reason they
used the Bellagio
is the Bellagio already
had underground parking
for their customers
already built.
And this was perfect for
the thousands of people
that they had to hide.
And all they did was
tunnel to the terminal.
So if you go on the web and
type in power failure 2004,
you will see that when they
were enlarging the terminal
under the Bellagio,
they accidentally
hit the major power
grid for the Bellagio
and knocked out the
power for three days.
Now as you know,
Emery, when they
build a casino, one thing they
plan for is to never ever,
ever lose any power
because they've
got millions of dollars going
across to tables every second.
And this knocked out the
power for three days.
It was a massive intelligence
failure because of the fact
now they had to get help to
get this power grid back on.
And they had to tell
Nevada Power, which
was what they were called then.
Not called Nevada Energy.
They had to get those
guys out and tell them
what was going on, which
means they had to sign NDAs,
nondisclosure agreements, where,
you know, the 12 or 15 people
that they needed to get
this back into operation.
It was a massive--
>>EMERY: That's a cluster.
>>LEAR: --massive screw up.
Now I don't know how they
dealt with the owners
of the Bellagio, who then
it was Steve Williams.
>>EMERY: I'm sure they would
have to compensate them.
>>LEAR: Or how they told them.
But in the newspaper,
you can see
that it says the power
failure was never explained.
I thought that
that was hilarious.
Never explained.
So from the Bellagio,
it goes direct to--
went direct to Sandia.
And then they had another
one that went to Groom Lake.
And it's all over.
They have all these
massive subways
under the entire test site.
Now the trip from Bellagio
to Sandia takes 21 minutes.
So it's about 300 miles an hour.
>>EMERY: 300 miles an hour.
John, we have a map here of
the underground maglev tube
system coming out of Las Vegas.
Could you explain
this map to me?
>>LEAR: Yeah, Emery.
Right here is Las Vegas
where the terminus is.
The original terminal
is under the Luxor.
And the reason it's
under the Luxor
is it's right across the
street from special projects.
And those people
who are authorized
from special projects take an
underground moving sidewalk
to the terminal at the Luxor.
From the Luxor, it
goes to the Bellagio.
And the Bellagio-- the
reason they use the Bellagio,
the Bellagio already had
underground parking which they
could use to get the
2,000 people up to--
>>EMERY: Brilliant.
>>LEAR: Right.
And made a tunnel from
the underground parking
to the Bellagio terminal.
From the Bellagio, it
goes up to Pahute Mesa.
No.
Oh, yeah, right there.
No, to your left.
Right there.
That's Pahute Mesa.
And that's where the
new secret base is.
And that's why they need 2,000
people a day up and back.
>>EMERY: And that's why they
nicknamed it Sandia to kind
of disinform people.
>>LEAR: Exactly.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: Now over to the
right, you see Groom Lake.
And they decided to make
another terminal there.
Up here is Coyote Springs.
That's a secret
underground base.
>>EMERY: What are
they doing up there?
>>LEAR: We don't know.
But I had a friend wanted to
know exactly where it was.
And he got a job as
a flight attendant
with Key Airlines who
ran the subcontract.
And he saw where it was.
But he was-- he won't tell me.
But he told me-- said, yeah.
He said it's there.
When the people get
out of the air--
that lands right in the
middle of the desert.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: There's nothing there.
And he said when the people go
down the stairs at this place,
he said there's a little sand
dune maybe eight feet high.
And they used to walk behind
this thing and disappear.
So that's obviously
where the stairway goes.
>>EMERY: Are they making
them wear those glasses?
Some of the employees--
>>LEAR: Not there.
>>EMERY: Not there.
>>LEAR: Because all they have
to do is walk over the sand
and there's no indication.
This is about 10, 15 miles
to the West of Panaca.
And up here is where Panaca--
and there's another
city out there.
And if you drive up there and
try and get into that dry lake
area, there's fences and guards
that won't let you go in there.
Now the other line that
goes to the Northwest
there goes up to the
Tonopah test range.
>>EMERY: Yeah, Tonopah.
Right here.
>>LEAR: Yeah.
And that's where they
have the big elevator
on the dry lake that goes
down maybe 15 stories.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: And that's where
they hide all their flying
saucers that we
have that are ours
that use our anti-grav stuff.
And that area is hundreds
of acres under there.
For the last six years, Google
has not changed that picture.
And just last summer,
they put the new picture.
And right in the
middle of the dry lake,
there's a perfect circle.
And it's not hidden at all.
This secret government
is so arrogant,
they don't care
whether people see
this elevator ready to go down.
First of all, they figure
people won't believe it anyway.
So why bother to
try and conceal it?
But it's there.
Then up to the top there is the
assembly goes to Ferber Flats.
That's 44 miles south
of Wendover, Utah.
And that's the big
airbase where they
fly the black triangles out of.
And that's hidden by
a holographic image.
And what they do is they
project a holographic image
over the airport that
makes it look like desert
or wherever it is.
If it's in a forest,
it looks like a forest.
Pilots flying in there
are radar vectored
onto final at about 200 feet.
They turn the image off
so he can see the lights.
>>EMERY: See what's going on.
>>LEAR: He lands.
And then they turn
the image back on.
Now the people
that work up there
are told that it's
done with mirrors.
They want to keep this
holographic image secret.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: So they're--
>>EMERY: Where did you
get that intel from?
>>LEAR: From somebody
who worked up there.
>>EMERY: OK.
All right.
Have you been up there?
>>LEAR: No, I have not.
>>EMERY: Have you been
to Sandia or Dreamland?
>>LEAR: Sandia, no.
Dreamland, I told you I went
there in 1977 to take pictures.
And I've been to several areas.
You can see that one area
up there that says Ely.
>>EMERY: Yeah, Ely.
>>LEAR: A friend of mine used
to drive that twice a week.
And every time he would go
by 10 miles south of Ely,
always 2:00 in the morning,
he would occasionally
see runway lights
about 10,000 feet long.
Blue, a secret military color.
And he never figured
out what was there.
He never had time
to drive over there.
So there is a strip up
there for something.
But we never did
find out what it was.
>>EMERY: How do they
keep the restricted areas
up there by Utah at the
farthest base up there?
You know how it's not only
airspace and it's not on land.
>>LEAR: They keep the intact--
the original restricted areas.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: But to extend it, they
used MOAs, military operating
areas, to hide the secret
strip at Ferber Flats.
And it was right in the paper.
And it showed a
map and everything.
And they said, well,
we need more area
for our F16s to practice.
Ha!
Not likely.
You know.
>>EMERY: But didn't it belong
to a US citizen or rancher
probably, or somebody?
Some of the land up there
before it was taken over?
Or was it BLM lab?
>>LEAR: I'm sure that was all
BLM because they issued hunting
certificates for that area.
And that's how we
originally found
it is one hunter
was tracked by SUVs.
Fortunately, he was experienced
with his time in Vietnam
escaping invasion to
get rid of these--
or, you know, evade
these white SUVs
which were guarding the base.
>>EMERY: What about
the Hoover Dam, John?
Do you know anything about that?
>>LEAR: Well, that's
where area 51 originally
got all their power.
>>EMERY: That's right.
>>LEAR: And now
I think they have
their own nuclear
generator up there.
I don't have absolute
confirmation of it.
But I'm pretty sure
that's what they have.
But the original power
came from Hoover Dam.
A massive draw of power.
>>EMERY: Yeah,
that's what I heard.
I used to do some
military ops there
when I was stationed in
Kirtland Air Force Base
just in case there was a
terrorist attack on that area.
So there was always--
there was always a
military presence there.
And some of the guys
and security guards
told me that there's actually
big areas dug into the mountain
and underneath it.
>>LEAR: Yeah.
>>EMERY: That they were
doing some things that
were clandestine.
>>LEAR: Right.
Now just to the north
of Hoover Dam right
here, is the secret new Lime
Canyon helicopter base, which
they started to build in 2006.
Now I wouldn't have been
aware of this, except my--
the gold mine I was
trying to resurrect
was right there at Gold Butte.
And in 2006, I heard
dynamite going off.
>>EMERY: Oh, my.
>>LEAR: I was the only one that
I was authorized or licensed
to have dynamite, so
I couldn't understand
who else was using dynamite.
It turned out that where they
were building the helicopter
base right there.
About this time, we had a ranger
patrolling the Gold Butte area
who found a brand new
case of dynamite current--
had just fallen
out of a helicopter
apparently-- that
they were using
to build that helicopter base.
And that helicopter base was
operational in 2008 or 2009
along the Lime Canyon ridge.
And I haven't been
able to find it.
>>EMERY: Well, I'll be.
And who's running that facility?
Is that corporation
based military guarded?
>>LEAR: It's the
same people that
are operating the secret
helicopter base that's
just north of Nellis.
It's over that range.
And the people that
work up in that area
say they see the helicopters
coming up and over that range,
but nowhere to come from.
>>EMERY: They're just
coming out of the mountain.
>>LEAR: They just come
right out of the ground.
>>EMERY: And you want to
explain how these maglev systems
actually work?
The electromagnetic ones.
>>LEAR: You know, I don't
know exactly, Emery.
I've just heard, you
know, for years of maglev.
And there's another
form of a vacuum.
>>EMERY: Vacuum.
They actually use
both at the same time.
>>LEAR: Oh, they do?
>>EMERY: Yeah.
>>LEAR: When I
originally got into this,
I heard about the
Navy transportation
system, which started at the
submarine base in San Diego.
And the Navy people
who would ride,
they said these were like
cars that only had one person.
And you would get in there--
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: --lay back,
and they they'd
take off your watch, and
your jewelry, and everything.
And within minutes,
you'd be in North Dakota.
And they never figured
out how that worked.
And they also go all the
way around the world.
That's the first
time I heard of that.
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>LEAR: And then we started
hearing about, you know,
those type of transportation
going to Pine Gap.
>>EMERY: Pine Gap.
Right.
>>LEAR: People would be
at Groom Lake, and then
a couple of minutes
later being at Pine Gap.
How did they do that?
>>EMERY: We're talking about
2,000 people going out here,
you know, or more
a day, of course.
And they're getting here
by these maglev trains
and being flown in.
Does these maglev
trains, you know, hold--
what's the maximum capacity
have you heard of this?
>>LEAR: I don't know.
And I don't have
any-- really heard
from anybody that actually
rode on them that will tell me.
But it's got to be at
least 200 people per car
for the transportation
because you're
talking about 2,000 people.
Have to get them up
there within two hours.
>>EMERY: Right, it's either
traveling really fast,
or they have a very long tube
system along a train there.
I've seen the single ones
that you have talked about.
These capsules.
>>LEAR: Yeah.
>>EMERY: And I have
witnessed the long train.
But I've never
actually rode in that.
I've rode in a
smaller versions that
hold maybe four to 10 people.
Exactly how you say
where you lay down.
You have to take
off all your stuff.
So they're still using
the old technology
back in the early 90's is
what I'm talking about.
So now I'm sure it's
a little bit more
advanced of what they have
to get all these employees up
there.
>>LEAR: Right.
So when they built that massive
construction of the West
Wing of the White
House, people said,
well, it must be for 74
megaton bomb protect.
No, it wasn't.
>>EMERY: Terminal?
>>LEAR: What they were doing
was accessing the White House
with the underground
transportation.
And that's why it
went down 60 feet.
So not everybody
in the White House
is authorized to know
about that transportation.
Sometimes the
president is because he
doesn't have enough clearance.
And the way clearances
work is top secret
is the lowest clearance.
And then above that,
there's 38 levels.
There's 28 levels of
top secret crypto.
And then 10 names
above that, which
is Ultra all the
way to Majestic,
which is a top clearance.
So the president of the
United States, you know,
he doesn't have
very high clearance.
He doesn't need to know.
He's only in office for
a maximum of eight years.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: And it takes
long-- you know, very long
time to vet him for
these clearances.
So he might have
top secret crypto
17, which would allow
him to know some stuff.
But when you get a clearance
of, say, top secret--
top secret crypto 17--
you don't get to know
everything in that level.
All you get to know
is what you work on.
>>EMERY: Right.
Yeah, that was kind
of my situation.
I had a different code.
It was just A22 with
working on the devices
and also working on the beams.
And also, not knowing
where I'm going,
but we're escorting
you to this place,
you know, through this maglev.
And within 30 minutes, I
don't know where I was.
They wouldn't tell me, you know,
because I'm not there to know.
I'm just there to be escorted
to look at this craft.
>>LEAR: Right.
>>EMERY: And that's
it, you know?
And it was kept very
compartmentalized.
And it wasn't until later on
getting out of the military
and kept doing some contract
work where I actually started
getting more clearances.
And it was actually
faster that I
wasn't active duty at the time.
So, John, what is the--
I mean, you had Q clearance.
Can you explain,
like, what level
that is on the totem pole?
>>LEAR: Q clearance is a
clearance they give civilians.
And it's equal to military
top secret clearance.
Top secret is the lowest
clearance you can get.
And the Q clearance
is equivalent to that.
And that's what
everybody has to have
if they even sweep the
floors up at the Groom Lake.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: Above Q, I don't
know what they call it.
Above top secret is the
top secret crypto to 28,
and then the 10
names above that.
>>EMERY: And do you
know any of these--
of some of the higher
Echelon crypto guys?
>>LEAR: Balthazar
is the only one
that I know that had Majestic.
And they were trying to
get his clearance elevated
as quickly as possible.
He was only up there
for four months.
And when he would be
taken into his room
to read these briefings, you
know, there was 150 of them
with a blue front.
And they were just
piled there and he
could read any one he wanted.
And it covered all the aspects
of the secret operations
that were going on.
>>EMERY: Do you have a
list of that Majestic group
that was released
a few years back?
The majestic group?
>>LEAR: Yeah, on my
computer I do have one.
>>EMERY: Did you know-- did
you recognize any other name
on there?
>>LEAR: Yes, Vandenberg--
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>LEAR: --was one of them.
And he had a romantic
attachment to my mother.
>>EMERY: Oh, wow.
Hm.
Well, tell us about that, John.
What happened there?
>>LEAR: You know, I was--
you know, that would
have been in '54, '55.
I would have been 13 or 14.
Know nothing about that.
All I knew was that Jimmy
Doolittle was over at the house
all the time.
And we lived at 222 14th
Street in Santa Monica.
And Jimmy Doolittle
lived on Third Street--
he and his wife Jo.
Jimmy Doolittle was good
friends with my grandfather
who was Ollie Olson of
Olsen and Johnson, a very
famous Vaudeville team.
They had Hell's A Poppin', which
was the longest running show
on Broadway in those days.
And friends with
Jimmy Doolittle, which
made him friends of my father.
And they used to be over
at the house all the time,
along with Vandenberg, as I
told you, had a crush on my mom.
And that was a very close
relationship through the years.
And then when Doolittle's wife
passed away, Jo passed away,
he moved up to
Carmel, California.
Retired there.
He was a member of the
QB organization up there.
>>EMERY: Right.
What was he famous for?
>>LEAR: Jimmy Doolittle?
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: Jimmy Doolittle was
famous for the raid on Japan.
They had the B-25s that took
off from the aircraft carrier
and actually bombed Japan.
And this was in response
to Japan's attack on us
on Pearl Harbor.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: And they
were successful.
Of course, it didn't
cause much damage.
but it was mostly
a newsworthy thing
that we're getting
back at Japan.
And then after the
war, Jimmy Doolittle
was a executive with Shell Oil.
And he used that position to
go to the different places
where the UFO crashes were
ostensibly to be for Shell Oil.
But really, he was a member.
Now he wasn't a member of MJ-12,
but he was right at the top.
>>EMERY: He was
right at the top.
>>LEAR: So when Bill Moore
Eisenhower briefing came out
from the 35 millimeter photos
of the Eisenhower briefing,
I had to find out if
MJ-12 was real or not.
Because if it was real, that
means everything else is real.
The Eisenhower briefing
was a 12-page briefing
for President
Eisenhower for when
he was elected as President
of the United States in 1952.
And this gave him an
overview of extraterrestrials
and flying saucers.
And it told about the
recovery of Roswell
along with four or five
other crises and recoveries.
It gave a list of
the members of MJ-12
and what their background was.
There was a number
of addendums--
>>EMERY: Additions, yeah.
>>LEAR: --additions
to this document.
And it was just listed
as their number, and--
it could retrieve them.
When I saw this document, a lot
of this stuff was blacked out.
>>EMERY: Blacked out, yes.
>>LEAR: But I realized
that MJ-12 was the key.
And I knew by that time
that Jimmy Doolittle
was at the very top.
And I also knew that my mom
talked to him every month.
She lived in Reno.
He was retired and
lived in Carmel.
And I started a--
I thought I would take
advantage of this relationship
and ask my mom to ask
Jimmy if MJ-12 was real.
Now it took about
four months for that
to happen because, first of
all, I had to get her convinced
that it was important enough
for her to ask Jimmy that.
And then we had to
wait until he called
so it wouldn't look like she
was calling for the information.
But anyway, it did happen.
She asked the question.
He said, yes, Moya, it is, but
I can't say anything about it.
And when she told me that,
that was the beginning for me
of the more total immersion
into the UFO investigation.
>>EMERY: What is their agenda?
What are they-- like, what do
you think is going on there?
What's your opinion?
>>LEAR: You know, Emery,
when Bob got his--
Balthazar got his original
Majestic clearance,
he was told that it
was only 22 people.
And he was given a list of
the names of the 22 people
that had Majestic at that time.
At that level of clearance,
that's when you find out
there is no God.
And there was no Jesus.
There was no Mary Magdalene.
And that's what that
Majestic clearance
is because when you get
that level of knowledge,
you have to know the truth.
And the truth is,
there was no God.
Now there certainly is
gods of the universe.
Plenty of them.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: But not as we envision.
>>EMERY: No.
Right, it's been
misconstrued in a program.
>>LEAR: And When you
get to Majestic level,
you have to know the truth.
>>EMERY: John, what's the
knowledge level in Majestic
right now?
What are they doing on a daily
basis since they know so much?
>>LEAR: Well, Emery,
obviously, that
would be pure speculation
because I don't
have anywhere near Majestic.
But the things that
we've talked about
is what they know-- they
are authorized to know.
And I have the same problem
that you do, is when we know--
you and I know
the truth, talking
about the stuff we do is
just impossible for people
to believe some of
the things we say.
And it's very difficult.
So I would only
speculate that they know
the truth about religion.
They know the truth about
who made us and why.
You know, all that
kind of stuff.
>>EMERY: Do you
have any knowledge
of Majestic having
extraterrestrial communication
or assistance?
>>LEAR: Absolutely.
They're the ones
that essentially
manage the agreement with ET.
And the agreement is you
can have all this cool stuff
that we're giving
to you, but you
can't let the public have it.
And you can't let them
know that we exist.
That's why I say the
disclosure will never,
ever happen because they
cannot tell the truth.
And they made an agreement
not to tell the truth.
>>EMERY: Why were these
individuals picked for this?
How did they-- it's just
their-- is this their life
path and they wound up like you
and I, where we're at today?
>>LEAR: I can only
speculate, Emery.
You know, they were in the
right place at the right time.
>>EMERY: Do you think there
is some sort of voting system
in Majestic that they say, well,
this guy needs to be on board,
this guy does not
need to be on board?
>>LEAR: Yes.
You know, the
original Majestic 12
were all military
and scientific.
And then as they started
to pass away, die off,
it became political.
And then it didn't matter
whether the director of the CIA
needed to know, they gave
him an MJ-12 number and--
or an MJ number.
And sometimes, that wasn't
the right thing to do.
>>EMERY: There was 12 beginning
founders of the Majestic group.
Do you know now if there's
more than that in there?
>>LEAR: Supposedly there's more.
Supposedly there's 20 or 30.
>>EMERY: That's what I heard.
Yeah.
>>LEAR: But I don't
know that for a fact.
I know that the last original
Majestic member died in 1982.
And that was the
reason that they
were able to start the release
of the information, which
included the
Eisenhower briefing.
>>EMERY: Who else has
a clearance that you're
aware of with Majestic?
>>LEAR: Would be former
Vice President Dick Cheney.
He held a very high position
within the secret government.
So high that several
years ago, they
built access to the underground
transportation under his house.
And there was huge
tarps all over that
the neighbors were
complaining about.
And that's when
they were digging
down so that he didn't have
to go anywhere other than go
downstairs in his house to
access the transportation
system.
>>EMERY: Well, we went over
all these amazing maps.
And, of course, there's--
this is-- you know, this
is worldwide going on.
This maglev system and
this vacuum tube system.
But let's talk about the cities.
You know, are you aware of
some of these larger cities
built, you know, not only at the
facilities, but other places?
>>LEAR: Massive.
Under every American city, there
is another city under there.
And we know that only for
people who've been there.
But from truck
drivers who deliver
massive amounts of
foods and other stuff
to secret underground tunnels
or tunnels inside a mountain
to keep these things stored.
Now the secret
government is obviously
preparing for something
that we don't know about.
That's why those
cities are there.
I don't know what
they're preparing
or when it's going to happen,
but they think that something's
going to happen.
>>EMERY: Well, that's obvious.
And even if it's
not going to happen,
they're always going to be
spending money and preparing
because the more
money they spend,
the more money they make
that they put on the side.
>>LEAR: Right.
And the "Nation"
magazine in December
estimated that their total
take for the last 20 years
was $22 trillion.
>>EMERY: I believe it.
John, that was a very
interesting instruction.
Thank you so much.
From Las Vegas to talking
about these underground maglev
tubes and other train systems
that stretch around the world.
Thank you, John, so much
for explaining all that.
I'll see you soon.
>>LEAR: My pleasure, Emery.